   CODEPEN PROJECT LINK: https://codepen.io/MonkeyKing714/pen/jOWzQgw
   
   
   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
      The use of HTML marks to easier identify information
    2. What is HTML used for? 
      HTML is the building block for creating Web Pages
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
      A specification, attributes are used in HTML
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      It's used to itentify a header, it can be used 6 times on a single page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      <input> <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
      Document Title, Scripts
    7. What is an id? 
      An attribute used to specify a single unique element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
      Any HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
      As many times as you want
    10. What is a class? 
      An attribute used for space seperated lists
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
      Any HTML elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      As many times as your browser can handle
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
      Right click the link and click "open in new tab"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
      Text if the image cannot be displayed
    15. How do I reference an id?
      With a # hash character
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
      A section is used to identify content that is themed/related, a div can be used to for whatever grouping purposes
    17. What is CSS used for? 
      To stylize a web page
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
      On CSS type "h2{ }"
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      Id specifies a single element, can be used to emphasize an important point. class can specify multiple elements, can be used to emphasize multiple points
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
      .yourclassname{ }
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
      p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
       A selector that selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. Would be useful when building with many lines of codes
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
      With a descendant selector
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
       A selector that selects elements that are in a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
       Line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
      Letter-spacing: 5px or normal or em
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
      In CSS - text transform: uppercase or lowercase or capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
      #mydiv { border: dotted 1px black; }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
      Use - *{ }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
      /* comment here */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
      pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
      ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
     rm, you have to be careful because the file we be completed deleted with no way to retrieve it
    34. Why should I use version control? 
      Aside from sharing the same code with your team members, version control let's you download old software versions and fix any errors that could have caused a present issue/bug
    35. How often should I commit to github?
      About every 20 mins or when you make a major change that works
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
      git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
      fork the repo, add your TL as collaborator, clone the repo, use terminal to go to where you will file cloned the frked repo, use git clone (past link) to clone the repo into your file destination, cd the repo using cd (repo name), make a branch for the repo using git checkout -b firstname-lastname, do your prject, add any changes uysing git add. , push your changes to github website using git push -u origin brach-name, go to your git hub page change branch from main to your name branch, hit new pull request, change base repository to your branch name, add your Tl to the reviewers and done

    
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
      inline elements do not force a new line to begin in the document flow. Block elements, on the other hand, typically cause a line break to occu
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
      It's position may overlay other elements
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
      overflow:hidden
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
      div, header, footer. span and img. display
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
      use inline box elements
